Prompt
Input your answers for milestone 2, directly into the space provided.

To start look into Olympic Data, I explored some basics statistics and visualization. 
First, I created a pie chart that gives us distribution of athlete ages which shows that highest number of participants fall in 18-30 age 
group and lowest number of participants fall in age group of greater than 40 years. 
Then, I plotted number of male and female participants per year from 1896 to 2016. This showed that in the early years there were almost no 
female participants who came to rise from about 1912-1920 and in the years from 1996 to onwards we can see there are almost equal number of 
male and participants per year.
I also checked total number of medals by different countries in past 120 years and it showed that United States is leading by a big margin
which is more than 5000 medals. 

Following are some key points about the data:
In the entire history of 120 years of Olympics highest number of medalists count is in the sport Athletics followed by Swimming, Rowing, 
Gymnastics and more.
The Olympic Data give the range of age of participants where minimum age is 10 years and maximum age is 97 years.
Then,  I find out top 15 teams by number of years of participation in Olympics in last 120 years. The Olympics were held 35 times during 
this period, and countries like the  United States, Switzerland, Italy, Greece and others where some top teams participated total 35 years 
while some participated 34 years and so on.
The 10 years old player from the team Ethnikos Gymnastikos Syllogos  participated in Gymnastics and the 97 years old player from the team 
United States participated in Arts Competitions.
I also found number of participants from different teams in 120 years where highest number of players are from Unites States which are more 
than 9000, after that Germany had more than 7000 players played in 120 years followed by some teams UK, France, Russia and others. 
As, US had highest number of players in 120 years I looked into the gender of participants and it showed that in some years like 1896, 
1904 there were no female participants from US team. From 1920 only 14 females whereas 274 males were participated, after that number of
female players increased and in 2016 they had 285 females and 259 males players.
Yes, I disapproved the initial hypothesis,  'The ratio of female to male participants in the Olympics has steadily increased over time.',  
for the question,  'How has the ratio of male and female participants changed over the years?' 
I plotted the histogram of male and female participants per year form 1896-2016 and the histogram showed how the female participants 
increases  over the years. So, the male-to-female athlete ratio decreases generally over the years. More females are partaking in the
Olympics, year-on-year. Hence the hypothesis is disproved and next I want to look at other questions to prove or disprove the assumptions.

Some additional questions I want to look at:
Do all countries participate equally across different Olympic sports? 
Hypothesis: There is an association between a country and the type of sport its athletes participate in. 

Is there an association between participants  gender and the type of sport they participate in?
Hypothesis: There is association between gender of participants and sport the participate in. (Sports choice depends on gender)

