Question 1
Which of the following is a primary use of SQL in decision-making?
ANS: Extracting and analyzing data to inform decisions.

Question 2
Why might a business choose to denormalize their data? (Select all that apply).
ANS: To improve query performance on large datasets.
To simplify data models for reporting.
To improve the speed of data entry.

Question 3
What makes a good metric? (Select all that apply).
ANS: A metric that filters out internal usage.
A metric with an unambiguous name.
A metric that is aligned with the goals and can't easily be gamed.

Question 4
You’ve been asked by a coworker to create a metric with rolling monthly orders. How many days would you look back to generate this number?
ANS: There isn't one right answer.

Question 5
You’ve been asked to create a metric that looks at conversion from adding an item to cart to purchase.
Which elements of a funnel have been specified in this request?
ANS: Start Event
Success Event

Question 6
You’ve been asked to calculate the percentage of users that place an order.
Which elements that define a funnel have been specified in this request clearly enough to write code?
ANS: Success Event
.
Question 7
Following the example in the lesson, what is the right fraction or ratio to calculate period over period retention for the fifth period?
PoP retention table.
ANS: 2 out of 2

Question 8
Which of these comparisons are between randomized groups with a control? (Select all that apply).
ANS: A randomized 50% of users landing on the login page will now see a new design. We compare them to the 50% of users who also saw the landing page but without the new design.
We send an email to a randomly selected group of eligible users and we compare their outcomes to other users who were eligible but did not receive the email.

Question 9
Where can you start if you don't know how to start an exploratory analysis? (Select all that apply).
ANS: Example several examples of the process.
Generate a list of questions about the domain.

Question 10
Which if the following best describes LTV (Lifetime Value)?
ANS: LTV refers to the total revenue a customer is expected to generate over their relationship with the business.

Question 11
What determines the number of business days in a given month? (Select all that apply).
ANS: The number of weekdays in the month.
The number of holidays observed on weekdays during the month.

Question 12
In which scenario is denormalized data most useful?
ANS: For analysis on data requiring repetitive complex, multi-table joins.

Question 13
Following the example in the lesson, what happens when we add this line of code:
ANS: We end up filtering out cases where there is no success event, because this clause requires first_login_success_time to be not null.

Question 14
What is a common use of SQL in modeling and forecasting?
ANS: Generating data in a time series format.
