1. A coworker just asked you “What percent of users ever order an item?” What are some likely reasons they might be asking for this data?
ANS: To get a baseline before making a change.
They would like to track this number over time to monitor for changes.
They would like to compare the conversion rate in different geographical markets.

Question 2
You are investigating a drop! The drop is sudden. What are some examples of causes for a sudden drop? (Select all that apply).
ANS: The data pipeline has an error and the data is stale.
A holiday changed usage patterns suddenly.
The website is broken and users are unable to engage normally.

Question 3
Select all that apply, the minimum set of columns you would need in a subtable or CTE to answer this question:
What percent of all users have ever viewed an item?
ANS: user_id
has_viewed_item
 
Question 4
What were the names of the columns we decided we needed in this example?
ANS: item_id, coorder_item_id, times_coordered, coordered_rank

Question 5
Why do you need a time-related column in your forecast dataset?
ANS: To learn time-based trends and seasonality.

Question 6
Select all true statements about SQL below:
ANS: This will enable you to calculate the percent of users who completed an order within 7 days of creating their user account.
The left join used in LEFT JOIN first_add_to_cart Is necessary in order to show instances where the user did not add an item to the cart.

Question 7
What is the primary purpose of a scattter plot?
ANS: Showing the relationship between two variables.
 
Question 8
What is the purpose of open-ended interview questions?
ANS: To assess the creativity and adaptability of your approach.

Question 9
Select the minimum set of tables you’ll need to join to answer this question:
What percent of all users have ever placed an order?
ANS: orders
users

Question 10
You are investigating a drop! The drop is gradual. What are some examples of causes for a gradual drop? (Select all that apply).
ANS: The composition of user demographics is slowly changing, and the new population has a poorer performance in this metric.
Your brand has been losing market share to your primary competitor over the last few quarters.

Question 11
What is the purpose of a 100% stacked bar chart?
ANS: When you want to compare the relative proportions of components within categories.

Question 12
What is a primary objective of whiteboard coding interviews?
ANS: Clear communication and structured thinking.

Question 13
What does the mix shift phenomenon describe?
ANS: The performance of metrics remains steady within segments, but the underlying shift of composition causes the aggregate metric to change.

Question 14
In the example of a revenue growth line chart what should be included? (Select all that apply).
ANS: Human readable axix labels.
Descriptive titles and subtitles.



