1. Which code blocks would help you check which dates have associated data 
User
*assuming you are working with a variant of SQL with the date() function, which returns the date as text in this format: YYYY-MM-DD.   
ANS: SELECT 
     date(created_timestamp) as created_date, 
     COUNT(*) 
     FROM users
     GROUP BY created_date

Question 2
What will be the output of this query if the column is_admin contains true, false and null values?
SELECT COALESCE(is_admin, false) 
FROM users;
ANS: All null values will be replaced with false.

Question 3
Which SQL tool helps facilitate pivot table style aggregations?
ANS: GROUP BY

Question 4
What is missing? (Select all that apply).
ANS: 
Add in date filter
WHERE dates.date >= “2025-01-01”
AND dates.date <= “2025-01-07”

Swap in a coalesce statement
COALESCE(sample_data.count,0)

Question 5
What is one scenario where you might need to us
ANS: When a column's value must be compared to an aggregate value.

Question 6
What makes SQL different from other programming languages, with respect to creating loops?
ANS: SQL doesn’t use traditional loops like other programming languages but instead handles repetitive tasks by operating on entire sets of data at once.

Question 7
Which code blocks would help you determine the date range for the created_timestamp in the users table?
*assuming you are working with a variant of SQL with the date() function, which returns the date as text in this format: YYYY-MM-DD.   
ANS:  SELECT 
      MIN(created_timestamp) AS min_date,
      MAX(created_timestamp) AS max_date
      FROM users

8. What does the COALESCE function do?
ANS: It replaces null values with something else.

Question 9
Which are the benefits of having access to a backbone table?  (Select all that apply).
ANS: Improve query performance.
Facilitate complex transformations.
Provide an additional layer of database security.

Question 10
Which of the following queries will tell you which locale segments are present in the table called users?
ANS: Either A or B
 






